Get some rest for now.
An ordinary person living an ordinary life.
I always knew that's who I was.
And I figured
love just wasn't in the cards for me.
It was a little lonely,
but also a relief.
Until someone suddenly came knocking.
Fuu.
I'm so glad you're okay.
My lover...
from a parallel world.
Or at least, that's who he claimed to be.
Fuu. (Support Admin Watch on
kissasia.cam or kisskh.org)
You and I are dating.
Wait, what?
We're a couple.
Um...
I'm sorry, but...
I'm not really good at
reacting to surprises.
In that case...
can we start over?
Huh?
I didn't mean to scare you,
or make you feel uncomfortable.
But...
I can't just let this go.
Let me court you.
Please let me pursue you,
to make you my boyfriend.
I don't even know how to act around him.
Another one of my favorite foods.
How does he know all this?
It's seemed like everything
turned upside down that day.
"The Boy Next World My Destiny"
(Episode 2)
Morning, Fuu.
Oh, I thought you were Sara.
Sara?
You mean Sara Kogami?
Yeah, I've been seeing
him everywhere lately.
I saw him thirty times yesterday alone.
And we're not even in the same grade.
Jin says I just never noticed him before,
but that's definitely not it.
Something is definitely weird.
Fuu, do you not want to see him?
It's not that...
What's there to complain
about having a hot guy like you?
No, someone as dazzling as him
would never like someone like me.
That's why it's so scary.
Wait.
What do you mean, "someone like me"?
Fuu, you're adorable.
Lucky color.
Lucky charm.
Lucky number.
I followed my horoscope to a T.
So why is this happening to me?
Hello?
Fuu.
Where are you right now?
Sara?
Is something wrong?
I have class in a bit.
I just wanted to see you.
Fuu.
Sorry for calling out of the blue.
Good luck in class.
Morn...
- Morning.
What the heck, Fuu? Are you ignoring me?
Good morning.
What's up?
Sara again?
Yeah.
I was wondering... are we really a couple?
Huh?
Oh, no, no, that's not what I meant.
Not us.
I mean the Fuu and Sara
in the parallel world.
Parallel world?
Yeah, you know.
Like that trope in movies.
Like an alternate universe.
Knock, knock...
Anyone there?
Please let me borrow an umbrella again.
I promise I'll return it.
My luck really has been terrible lately.
Sara?
You catch cold easily if you get wet, Fuu.
How do you know that?
I'll be going now.
Wait.
I need to talk to you.
Can you do one thing for me?
What is it?
Stop using that personal pronoun.
I want you to refer to yourself as "Fuu."
Why?
If I guess this passcode correctly,
I want you to call yourself "Fuu."
Deal?
Um...
One day, you'll definitely say it.
You'll call yourself "Fuu."
Doing stuff like this...
Don't you think it might scare me?
I'm sorry.
I just can't help myself with you.
It's your father's birthday.
Right?
Sit down. We need to
get some things straight.
I've been wanting to do this.
When I woke up,
I even wondered if
something was wrong with me.
Suddenly being told we weren't even dating.
That's why
I came here that night.
I didn't mean to frighten you.
But... (Support Admin Watch on
kissasia.cam or kisskh.org)
I didn't know how else to make
you believe we were together.
You're soaking wet.
Are you worried about me?
Even if we aren't dating,
I'd still be worried.
In that other world,
when did we start dating?
In your freshman year.
On the day of the sports meet.
Should I not answer?
Go ahead.
- But...
- It's really okay.
Taiga?
Sara.
They want you to come back.
No.
I'm definitely not going back.
Seriously...
That Taiga you mentioned,
do you mean Taiga from school?
(Incoming Call from Taiga)
That guy actually hung up on me...!
I'm sorry.
He says he has no intention of coming back.
Mr. Kogami was supposed
to be on bed rest until today.
It's common for patients
to experience confusion
or memory distortion.
Um...
Is Sara going to be okay like this?
Well, if he's not showing any symptoms now,
he should be fine.
I see...
Anyway, the hospital is no longer liable.
Please settle the bill
at the first-floor counter.
The bill...?
Wait.
Why do I have to be the one to pay?
Oh, I forgot.
The laundry.
Let me help.
Oh, I can do it myself!
Seriously, it's fine!
Just leave it to me...
No, that's not what I meant!
- It's okay.
- Don't look! I told you I've got it!
Wait a second...
Sara.
Give it back.
Fuu.
If you don't move, don't
blame me for what happens.
Um...
I'm... going to the bathroom.
A paper cup phone.
Knock, knock...
This is how we first met.
Freshman calling a senior.
If you hear me, give me a signal.
Huh?
If you want it back,
guess who I am.
No, there was nobody there back then...
Oh, I see.
It was different in that world.
Because in my world...
you never answered me.
The "me" in this world is such an idiot.
The person on the other
end of the cup phone...
It was you, wasn't it?
I know we're nothing to each other here.
But can I stay by your side?
I guess.
And you're allowed to pat my head, too.
Is this okay too?
Don't push your luck.
Please go home.
I am home.
I live right downstairs.
What!?
Sara.
Are you really not
going to tell Fuu anything?
What do you mean by that?
Nothing. (Support Admin Watch on
kissasia.cam or kisskh.org)
I just think there's more
to this than meets the eye.
There isn't.
Well... it's your choice, I guess.
So soft.
Idiot!
Don't get the wrong idea.
It's not me he likes.
It's the Fuu from the other world.
Don't let your heart flutter.
Control yourself, Fuu.
I can't.
That face is just unfair.
Hey, you're overthinking it.
Jin.
What?
Did you just read my mind?
No, you said all of that out loud.
Oh.
Anyway, I've decided.
I'm going to find a way to send him back.
But don't you like him?
I do not.
My heart just skipped a beat, that's all.
I refuse to be the one who tears him away
from the Fuu in his world.
Fuu...
My mind is made up.
I'm going to find a way to send him home.
Man.
This is going to get complicated.
What triggered him coming here...?
No.
Maybe a psychic or a
shrine would have a clue...
Watch out!
Why is...
my heart beating so fast?
What am I supposed to do?
Fuu! Are you hurt?
Are you okay?
I'd already decided to send him back.
But this man...
is starting to change my whole world.
Knock, knock...
Ah.